how you doing Tracy I'm good man good to
seeing you smell good your regular
that's the whole trick of the trade is
it run daddy said always wear fragrances
always like to stand next to remember
Freight woods may I ask what fragrance
you use I don't know you do not know you
are were you here for the earthquake
yeah Missy that's crazy I'm from the
East Coast
yeah so we don't get earthquakes we got
crackheads the brain your arms started
shaking I pooped my pants
of course I pooped my pants and a little
bit of pee came out huh sure yeah so
they said you know that's gonna be going
on for the next 20 days right and so I
got this for the aftershock oh I knew it
oh wow you can get a giant pair of
underwear I'm not equal to a ski shop
well I'm glad you're okay you just got
off the plane when this yeah man that's
a hell of a welcome to LA yeah man walk
around like that have you ever been in
an earthquake before come on man what
kind of question is that
I don't know what a project look I know
it's been an earthquake little bit
around cracker yeah right
it's scary though yeah now so if you're
scared because that's how anything that
ain't nailed down yeah right that is
true that's here for Christmas sing one
and all I'm trying to sell a fire escape
really six floors of it and then little
a little girls huffy bike own okay
coffee
they always so no big coffees what would
one do with a fire escape I don't know
you got access but I bought it anyway it
was only two dollars do you feel are you
a person I used to sell crap yet what
you did back in the days everybody
either you yet for real in the eighties
he was using it are you selling it
either way you got swept up in it but at
his stop cuz it started tearing out my
soul did everyone yeah man cuz I was a
crack killer with a heart of gold
[Laughter]
I could kudos on just got tired
accountant two dollars and three hundred
pennies and when people pull up in the
car and you would sell it to them that
way God will crack and over the car it's
a very very good point you Jim is so
naive I know I was not selling crack in
the eighties I was working at Miller's
outpost selling Levi's yeah yeah no you
know what it's a different upbringing
the meanwhile it wasn't even hot then
leads were I least were well knows is a
little post lead time yeah without words
I want leaves when I won't give my
cowboy things
did you yeah cuz my name is Tracy Morgan
aka True Grit aka Caligula I didn't know
that when you wear the boot cut or the
straight leg yeah yeah that's what I'll
have my Walkman all on my boot cut uh
I've got to know when rolled up no way I
gotta stop singing I get sued like yeah
right yeah Kenny Rogers I'm glad to know
you got you got to count your money when
a crack kid has come down
[Laughter]
right now you are in the frame of mind
of hosting the ESPYs on Wednesday night
so yeah that's like the sports Oscars it
is yeah and you hosted everything I did
host that show I would sit up what's
that the thing in the White House the
dinner
yeah no correspondent you won't see that
yeah I know yeah I was there yeah yeah
I'm not being there man I just love me
some corrupt senators watching women's
soccer have you watched the World Cup
yeah they all went to the White House
right well no they didn't go to the wife
didn't go no well they it was just
yesterday that must have been all my
actually suing me for paternity all the
women at the White House they were at
the White House yeah what did you take
on what's going on in the White House
right now what would you mean what was
my take on it my money is in my pocket
you are everything how's your family
doing I saw your daughter just turned
six marry me she in the back maven maybe
so neighbor that's my boobie haha she is
I gave her fireworks display for her
birthday yeah man I want to apologize to
the FAA we work Airport and homes that I
took out I didn't know you had to point
fireworks that way did you really give
your daughter a fireworks I gave her
fireworks display that's my prince is
that what she want is my booby no that's
not what she wanted and that's what's
most important really all the time yeah
no wow that yeah I mean that's a nice
gift to get I my parents never got me a
fireworks display I can't even imagine
getting he's my wife gave me a gift for
my birthday
what'd she give me she said I'm late
[Laughter]
what would I like to have another baby
I'm trying to break Eddie Murphy's
record
this is the record I'm trying to break
I'm trying to break Bob Marley's record
is it
yeah I'm really gonna go for Gandhi's
record Gandhi has gotta be 24 he does
yeah I think I got more than that but
that Moz is on the books I got four on
the book or on the book I don't know
who's off the books anybody seen her to
me how many would you like that
how many kids ID link if you really
could have here it is making these
action aquestion yeah how many 10 10
kids you're for Megan so she would have
to have six more kids yeah yeah that's a
c-section scar will be about this thick
yeah here on ABC on Wednesday night this
is a live program yeah who he did
Saturday Night Live for many years so
that's where the training came from lock
televisions like being shot out of a
cannon yeah right live TV I don't know
man is awesome it's awesome
you kind of wanna do something crazy on
live television is you have that yeah
trying to get the government's attention
[Laughter]
what is it you know just do for North
Korea to slap in there will you do it do
you think that would help North Korean
will play with me you're gonna be in
front of the greatest athletes in the
world who is your all-time favorite
athlete my uncle mo Li mo he was a big
city and boys the girls high school in
Brooklyn what's for ya he played with
world be free yo mo will you at most a
basketball
my uncle was my uncle he made
contributions to me as a man what
contributions and Uncle Mo there's being
a man yeah what did he tell what's the
most when they say they make man up man
up when they say this your baby man up
that's a local motel yeah how old were
you when he told you that six
yes wise words Uncle Mo so uncle most
coming to the show with you yeah he
holds me down it's the whole family
coming in this year making them a
Vanilli in the back everybody there yeah
my uncle Freddie love is coming up but
he's gonna be late though oh why is he
gonna be late I don't know he might be
somewhere selling the fire escape
how many others do you have six uh-huh
and which one is your favorite I just
found you know the testis officers came
back my biological father who is he
Tony Dorsett legacy either he'll more do
piss sonido the white van he's sold fish
out there van tony dorsett sugar daddies
drive white fang tony dorsett drove
around Dallas in a white van no Tiger
Woods father Earl drove a white van is
that true Tiger Woods got a baby brother
Harlem look just like oh I didn't know
that look just like a golfer no no what
does he do I don't know I think he's so
far escaped he's
you have an uncle who's in prison right
oh yeah
even in there for what thirty-eight
years yes why that's his brother Tony Oh
a real uncle jailbird okay you know I've
never saw him before you never met her
but when I came out to Como he wrote me
a letter and he said thank you for
surviving that phew I know you'd never
met me before but you're strong you're
king I love you and PS I'm graduating in
prison I'm graduating please come see me
friends in 38 years are you just getting
your GED would you be doing and when I
got there they had these guys these
prisoners on the stage like it was a
real graduation they made it feel like
they was gonna graduate and go off to
college
you gonna give this TD go back to
yourself
and you stayed into chapter and that's
whatever these people with these I mean
in the lowest of the low in the
auditorium but they was graduating they
had him on a stage like a real
graduating class right with the robe in
the Catholic gown and underneath the
Captagon would stay issue close and you
can see the shackles on her feet for the
on the jail boots and the liver but they
had him up there on the stage singing a
real graduation song really those triple
homicide rape is and all them and it's
gonna do well it's very good to see you
crazy
I know you're gonna be great on
Wednesday night in Tracy Morgan hosts
the ESPYs
your Navy see if you liked that video
click the subscribe button but only if
you're ready for commitment